I was born on 29 May 1925 in Hemer in the Sauerland. My grandparents were hotel owners and I spent a lot of time with them. I was the first grandchild and was very spoilt. My parents were very correct and good, but I had a close relationship with my father, while my mother was rather distant. I have a sister who is six years younger than me.

I went to secondary school in Hemer and graduated in 1939. After that I had to do a compulsory year, which I spent in the Landjahr camp. This camp was very tough and we had to do hard labour, especially during harvest time. I suffered from migraines and often got sick, but I learnt a lot about myself and my abilities.

After the Landjahr camp, I started an office training programme and worked in an office for two years. Then I volunteered for labour service to get away from home. I was sent to the Mülheim an der Möhne camp and was very happy there. We had a good guide who helped us to develop our skills and prepare us for our future jobs.

After my labour service, I worked in an office in Dortmund and later in a children's camp in Wimpfen am Neckar. I was responsible for looking after 70 to 80 girls between the ages of 12 and 14. I did this until October 1943 and then I went to Strasbourg, where I worked in the office of the Children's Land Deportation Camp Centre.

In November 1944, I married my husband, who was severely war-disabled. We moved to Ilmenau, where my husband studied engineering. We had three children, but my husband died of his war injuries in 1949. I was a widow at the age of 24 and had to look after my three children.

I remarried in 1954 and had two more children. I worked as a lending library owner and later as a drinking hall owner. I did this until 1969 and then I found a job as an office worker for a nursing organisation. I've been working there since 1970 and specialise in organising kitchens on wheels.

I am proud of my life and my experiences. I have learnt a lot and have always tried to make the best of every situation. I am grateful for my family and friends who have always supported me. I hope that my story can help other people overcome their own challenges.