In English:

PS C:\Users\asha4\OneDrive - SRH\Case Study-1\Main Docs\Ashwith\new> & C:/Users/asha4/AppData/Local/Programs/Python/Python311/python.exe "c:/Users/asha4/OneDrive - SRH/Case Study-1/Main Docs/Ashwith/new/improved_chunking.py"
Sending to API: I was the first grandchild, the only grandchild, for a long time and I was very spoiled because I spent a lot of time with my grandmother. I was born in Hemer in the Sauerland and was born on May 29, 1925. And, yes, my childhood was actually normal, but I suffered quite a bit from migraines even as a preschooler, which got worse and worse during school. I would have liked to go to high school, but I wasn't allowed to because I was always told
Sending to API: But I don't know. And that was just how it was, this farm was converted into a labor service camp. Yes, and I have to say, I felt very comfortable there, even though I was spoiled and really didn't have to shine my shoes or make a sandwich or anything else at home. So, if I had any wishes, I got what I wanted. And that's where I learned to work. I learned to share, but that was actually already during the year in the country. The year in the country was actually harder than the work
Sending to API: Yes, and then later we were put to work in households, in households with many children, where the men were in the fields, where they had moved in. We had to help the women. Look after the children. Or also to the farmer, where the sons or men had moved in, where the winter work had to be done, because the farmer also has work to do. And, I have to say quite honestly, I really learned what I needed to live during my year in the country and in the labor service. And I
Sending to API: We also had enough time off that we had a Sunday off and then we could drive to Soest or to Warstein in the surrounding..., er, you could meet up with someone there if you wanted. We could get as much mail as we wanted. But in the camp itself, no male visitors were tolerated, right. So there really wasn't any. The political instruction, yes, it was just tailored to the time. Right? I mean, we didn't have any excessive
Sending to API: Yes, and in the evenings, after dinner, there was, eh, another hour that we spent downstairs. And then of course they went to bed. And they only went out together. They were between 12 and 14. So the last two years of school. [speaking in parallel] Mmh, I'd say there were a lot of... Wait a minute, there were 1, 2, 3, a lot of 5, 6, 7, 7 or 8 bedrooms, so I'd say there were about 70 to 80 girls. Only girls. Yes, yes. With the whole bubble. I get
Sending to API: But then we did..., we thought, oh man, we'll try it, we could, we didn't want to get people into trouble. Oh no, and as we were going into the yard, my husband went first, I pushed the stroller behind, then someone tapped me on the shoulder from behind, I turned around, it was a Russian. All I could do was say to my husband, Kurt, and I was speechless. And he turned around and turned pale. But now that was...,
Sending to API: My grandparents had another house. We used to live there, and they all moved in together, moved in together. But there wasn't enough space for me to go there with my two children, right? Well, I mean, we benefited from the work service, from the year in the country. What tricks did we learn there and in... let's say, in the year in the country, not so much. In '39, we still had almost everything. But in the work service, everything was there
Sending to API: I then got married again. And then I was self-employed for a while. Er, wait a minute, 49, 54, October 54. Yes, then came Ina and Andrea. Ina was born in '54 and Andrea was born in '59. From the second husband, not. And, at first I was really unhappy about Andrea. Today I'm glad I have her. The best horse in the stable. So, really. My eldest isn't bad either. My eldest is a bit unlucky. She fell...
Oh, so the thing is over. Is it over? Well then stop it
Sending to API: I've just heard that it's 313 marks so far. [emphasizes] The year in the country. The year in the country camp, which counts as a compulsory year. That wasn't recognized. That is, it was service to the people. The household, if I had been in a private position, would have been recognized. Although we had to work much harder. Because those who were in the household were allowed to go home. They had their free time. We were [emphasizes] always under control, right, we were always just in the camp. We
Traceback (most recent call last):
